Make guys in the last video we implemented bootstrapping our age to email template and we created the
index each team out.
We haven't done the styling yet but we're going to hold off on that for now.
And we just need to create a couple more pages for our template so let's create an example of an inner
page.
OK so one WordPress this will be just a regular page.
So I'm going to call this about dog age Tim Kaine and we're going to open that up.
Is that right.
OK you open that up with sublime and we can also access it from the link about each team.
So what I'm going to do is copy everything that's in the index.
I then it's good and save it.
So we're not going to want the Jumbotron here so let's just completely get rid of that.
OK.
Get hell out of there.
We're also not going to want the boxes.
We don't want this section either.
Get rid of that.
And these two areas the content regions these can stay.
All right.
Now we're going to want that title bar area so let's create a section of it.
Actually I'm just going to copy this
and paste that in and we're going to get rid of these classes here.
The only class I want is Roe and then titlebar.
OK that'll have a container it'll have a 12 column div and in each one K which will have the page name
.
In this case it be about us.
OK.
Now we're going to need an area for the main content.
So again I'm going to copy this section
paste that in and we're going to have row and then marketing.
Will have a container.
It's going to have an 8 column div for the main area and then also a side bar column which will be for
column div.
The main column will just be the content.
So just going to paste in a couple of paragraphs.
I also just put a link here to go to a contact page that doesn't exist.
All right.
Now in the fork home which is the sidebar I'm just going to paste a couple of things in here.
OK so we have two divs with the classic side widget.
This one has an H three and a paragraph.
This one is the categories and has an unordered list which has the class of list group.
So let's go and save that and click on about and you can see we have our content and then we have the
sidebar.
Let's also change the active class on the menu.
So that's correct.
We're going to take class active off of the home and put it onto the boat.
OK so now when we see when we visit a boat that's the correct the correct link is highlighted.
So that's pretty easy that's the inner about page.
Now for the blog page let's create that.
So we want to create another document here and we're going to call this blog it's called Blog dord HDMI
.
OK and then what we'll do is copy what we have in the About page and then paste that in blog.
All right.
And then let's go up to here.
The change is from about us to blogs
and the sidebar can stay the same but we're going to change what we have in the 8 column div.
All right so we're going to have an article tagged and is going to have the class of post.
Right.
And let's do two columns per article this one will be five.
Call themselves they call him the.
And then do call and the seven.
All right.
Now the five call him Dave will have the image as well as the read more.
All right so let's put an image source should already be in there.
It's called Blog 1.8 big.
OK.
And then right under that we're going to have our link.
This is going to go to a page called single dog aged humoral and then we're going to give this a class
of BATNA between primary and then and between walk
in and the texts will just say read more.
All right so now in the 7 column we're going to have our UL with a class of Metta.
OK this is going to be all the meta data.
OK so list item let's say by admin
and let's see will have the D or same may 11
.
And then we'll have the category let's say a business.
All right.
And this is going to be a link so we might as well put that in now.
It's going to go anywhere.
Yes.
OK.
Same thing with the author.
All right so that's the meta data.
Now under the well we're just going to have a heading and a paragraph or two I'm going to paste in.
All right.
Ends the blog roll obviously we'll have a bunch of posts.
So when we do I'm going to put a divide between each article just to clear everything out.
So we're going to call it a C O R and then I'll just copy this article and I'm going to just paste it
two more times and then what we'll do is let's change the image.
Ok this one will be blog to dot J peg.
And as this one will be blog three.
All right.
So let's take a look at that.
All right so the image obviously that's looks horrible.
Let me just fix that just for now.
So if we go to our CSX and say Article dot post image set the wealth to 100 percent.
There we go.
All right so that's good for now.
The last thing we have is the single page.
All right so let's go and create that will create a new file called single
dot aged him.
All right.
And then we'll open that up
and I'm going to copy what we have in blog and paste that in single.
And then what we'll do is what we only want one of these articles.
OK so the first one is right here.
So let's grab these two under it and delete them.
OK if we click read more that brings us to single.
Obviously this isn't what we want so
let's see in the article we don't want to have to call them.
We just want one.
So it seems to put 12 column.
And then we can just get rid of this.
All right.
And then in the 12 column div
it's
actually no we don't even need a call we don't even need this right.
First thing we're going to want here is the image.
So it's the image slash blog one dot jpg.
That's the image.
Next we'll have the matter
.
They actually have this copy that from wog.
OK so that's the matter.
And then under that will do a line break and then we want some content.
So I'm going to grab this text and then here will put a paragraph paste this in a couple times and I'll
do one more
.
OK.
And I think that's going to be it.
So save it and go back to single.
And that's good for now.
All right.
We're not going to do the comments oh I want to change the active class and the links on both the single
and the blog page.
Okay we just want to take off class active from about and move it to the blog ally
.
All right so now we have reached him all done in the next part we're going to add the CSSA and make
this look a lot better.